Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
Hurry!
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
We have a lot of rain in June.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Let me help you with your baggage.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Wow, does that work?
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
The old apple revels in its authority.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
I want more detailed information.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The lake is a long way from here.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Where do random thoughts come from?
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
Christmas is coming.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
How was the math test?
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
Don't step on the broken glass.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
She did her best to help him.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
The book is in front of the table.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Is it free?
The river stole the gods.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
A glittering gem is not enough.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
This is a Japanese doll.
We need to rent a room for our party.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Two seats were vacant.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Please wait outside of the house.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
She advised him to come back at once.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
I am never at home on Sundays.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
She was too short to see over the fence.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
Mary plays the piano.
The stranger officiates the meal.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.

